yeah coach I'm on
my name is Matt baldassarri I'm from
poker tone Florida my favorite teams the
Ravens I love football I love watching
your videos you're amazing guy you're
really really cool I think that and I
love your videos thank you Matt bow to
sorry I appreciate the video he's from
Boca so he's right up the street from me
since we down here Miami Florida um
shout out to you met appreciate you
watching the videos appreciate you being
a subscriber and I hope you enjoyed
yourself being in the video you started
this thing off not me so big shout out
to you um my opponent for the day in
this game was w blake 22 a long time
active subscribe one of the most active
subscribers on youtube not just to me to
a lot of other channels as well knows a
lot about football and he is a huge
Packers fan huge Packers fan um if you
want to add him on ps4 his PSN name is
darnell logo dar any ll elogio um I
forgot if there's a if there's a
underscore they're not but if if you
want to see it it's right in the
beginning of the video if you want to go
to the to the screen where my brave ins
were showing up in his package was
showing up to and if you want to rewind
this and start over the craziest run
that you may ever see in bad in 15 you
can do that as well you're more than
welcome to Eddie Lacy was just beasting
on us so we got a game right now 17 7
and I'm finding fourth set running up
this running up to the towards the end
zone I was hoping he was gonna make it
all the way but when I got my boy juice
hey nothing's impossible nothing's
impossible on this game let me let you
know from now it was not for the weak at
heart he ended up punting the ball and I
got it but i ended up
turning on turning over the ball and he
got it so now is his boy and an Rogers
just he was off he was off he was off
this game I'm telling you right now this
game sets the records for the most
interceptions ever ever ever ever and
right there we got the best corner in
the game right now Jimmy Smith no I'm
not stuttering I didn't make that up and
that stat is so nice that i'ma say it
twice that was the best corner in the
game Jimmy Smith his name is not Richard
Sherman his name is not Patrick Peterson
and he consistently goes against the
team's best receivers you can look at
the film the film will back it up but
anyway yqb Sonny black you bees for
speed yes Tyrod score for us I'm like I
was saying this game is not for the weak
at heart if you got a weak stomach turn
it off now turn it off now cuz I mean
you see the score already and it's it's
nasty you know you know w blake it ain't
none below and but this this game this
cake was nasty man it was nasty he was
just having off day and I was just
clicking on all cylinders firing on all
cylinders my team was in sync we were on
point and things with just everything
was just going our way this game um and
like i said this game probably had the
most interceptions ever ever maybe it's
like 20 of them between the both of us
and there goes another one there goes
another one I think we're be caught like
three Jimmy Smith when he caught two or
three my linebackers caught like two or
three it was one of them games man it
was just one of them games um I was
really mad at this play I know the score
is what the score is but I was really
mad at my defense display I'm like man
we really just gave him a screen for a
touchdown and I usually snoop out these
screens I was like you know what let me
just throw this up to my boys Steve
Smith that's why we got old man that's
why we got him for stuff like that and
then here though you Blake don their
logo said he wanted to get one last
touchdown before the end of the game I'm
running he's blocking I'm running he's
blocking I'm running he's blocking I'm
running they're tackling sorry
just couldn't let you I'm sorry I'm
sorry I apologize I apologize please
forgive me please forgive me but um I
appreciate y'all watching this video uh
next time me and w blake play Darnell
logo we're gonna have a way better game
he was just having an off day and Rogers
off and flat goes on as usual y'all know
how Flacco with the Flacco always doing
his thing um hey subscribers I thank you
thank you thank thanks again met for the
video earlier in the video y'all make
sure y'all Rwanda so y'all can see is
intro again um subscribe get those
videos in they come and fast they are
coming really fast I appreciate
everybody who's been participating
everybody who's been staying up with the
channel and helping me get to 9000 so
this has been a fun ride and it's only
gonna get more fun I am enjoying this a
lot I appreciate it I appreciate all of
you guys I thank you hey and y'all know
what this game was so nice you should
watch it twice and it's on me it's on me
alright I appreciate you guys I'm going
hey wake up
you
Oh